Add workspace transfer documentation (#7941)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/ui/workspaces.md

To add a service account to a workspace, select the Service Accounts **+** icon. You can select from a list of existing service accounts configured for the organization. Select a Workspace Role for the service account. This will be the initial role for the service account within the workspace. A workspace Owner can change this role at any time. Select **Share** to finalize adding the service account.

To delete a workspace collaborator or service account, select **Remove** from the menu on the right side of the user or service account information on this page.

## Workspace transfer

> Workspace transfer enables you to move an existing workspace from a personal account to an organization, or between organizations.

Reviewer: I'm assuming we're not eager to advertise that it also works from organization to personal?

Reviewer: because that works the same

> Transferring a workspace enables you to take existing configuration and flow run history with you as projects move to different teams or organizations. Without transfer, users moving to a new organization from, for example, a personal account would need to re-create all of their block, deployment, notification, and work queue configuration in a new workspace. Additionally, any flow run history would remain in the personal workspace. 

Reviewer 2: I'm curious if it's valuable to spell out what would happen if transfer didn't exist here? In my mind, this framing has been useful internally to motivate why we want to build this functionality, but for the user the functionality already exists, so this is ultimately not relevant to them. (Except potentially in the case someone is weighing creating a new workspace vs. a transfer, but that to me feels niche for someone reading the transfer docs)

Author: I think it's useful to be explicit about value and consequences of transfer. Maybe worth rewording.

!!! note "Workspace transfer permissions"

>     You must initiate workspace transfer from the workspace to be transferred. Therefore, workspace transfer must be initiated by a user with admin priviliges for the workspace to be transferred.

Reviewer: in the near future (this week) users will have access to a new route app.prefect.cloud/transfer, which I think changes this messaging just slightly. The permissions piece is still true, but they can "begin" the transfer process without first entering the origin workspace page

Author: I think it makes sense to revise this.

>     For example, if you are transferring a personal workspace to an organization, the owner of the personal account is the default admin for that account and must initiate or approve the transfer.

Reviewer 2: "or approve" here sounds like forward-looking language for when we do support in-product personal->personal transfer, which is not possible today.

Author: This is meant to accommodate a future use case.

>     For example, if you are transferring a personal workspace to an organization, the owner of the personal account is the default admin for that account and must initiate or approve the transfer.

Reviewer 2: It may be useful to also call out here that to initiate a personal->personal workspace transfer, users should reach out to support@prefect.io

### Transfer a workspace

To transfer a workspace, select **Workspace Settings** within the workspace. Then, from the options menu, select **Transfer** to initiate the workspace transfer process.

![Initiating a workspace transfer in the Prefect Cloud UI.](/img/ui/workspace-transfer.png)

> The **Transfer Workspace** page shows the workspace to be transferred on the left. Select the target account or organization for the workspace on the left. You may also change the name of the workspace during the transfer process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Transfer Workspace** page shows the workspace to be transferred on the left. Select the target account or organization for the workspace on the right. You may also change the handle of the workspace during the transfer process.
```
